README.md, before:

TreeGeneration
==============

Reverse DMC algorithm modification
To run the program we first need to 
generate a graph which is randomly 
generated, using the following command 

>python framework.py -m gen \<number of nodes\> \<number of edges\>\<network file\>  \<qmod\> \<qcon\> \<tree file\> 

Example: 

>python framework.py -m gen 50 1000  g1.net 0.4 0.7 ph1.nre

That would generate a g2.net a random graph of 50 nodes
and 1000 edges and run the forward dmc algorithm and make 
an evolution tree with the qcon and qmod as parameter. 

Before running the frame work, the object IDs need to be removed
from the original tree file using the following command

>./removeOID.sh \<tree file\> \<first two numbers in object ID\>

Example:

>./removeOID.sh ph1.nre 45

To run the frame work we need to give following command 

>python framework.py -m dmc \<network file\> \<q_mod\> \<q_con\> \<phylo tree file\>

Example: 

>python framework.py -m dmc g1.net 0.4 0.7 ph1.nre

This exexution would generate two tree files ph1_dmc.nre,
ph1_DNA_F.nre. The first file is the tree generated by dmc measure
distance on the graph. The second file is convex combination 
of first two measures.

Commit message:

added details about distance calculations in README

README.md, after:

TreeGeneration
==============

Reverse DMC algorithm modification
To run the program we first need to 
generate a graph which is randomly 
generated, using the following command 

>python framework.py -m gen \<number of nodes\> \<number of edges\>\<network file\>  \<qmod\> \<qcon\> \<tree file\> 

Example: 

>python framework.py -m gen 50 1000  g1.net 0.4 0.7 ph1.nre

That would generate a g2.net a random graph of 50 nodes
and 1000 edges and run the forward dmc algorithm and make 
an evolution tree with the qcon and qmod as parameter. 

Before running the frame work, the object IDs need to be removed
from the original tree file using the following command

>./removeOID.sh \<tree file\> \<first two numbers in object ID\>

Example:

>./removeOID.sh ph1.nre 45

To run the frame work we need to give following command 

>python framework.py -m dmc \<network file\> \<q_mod\> \<q_con\> \<phylo tree file\>

Example: 

>python framework.py -m dmc g1.net 0.4 0.7 ph1.nre

This exexution would generate two tree files ph1\_dmc.nre,
ph1\_DNA\_F.nre. The first file is the tree generated by dmc measure
distance on the graph. The second file is convex combination 
of first two measures. 


Distances can then be calculated between all combinations of the base tree (T\_H),
sequence tree (T\_seq), DMC tree (T\_DMC), and combination tree (T\_F)
using the following command

>python calc\_distance.py \<base tree\> \<DMC tree\> \<seq tree\> \<combo tree\>

Example:

>python calc\_distance.py ph1.nre ph\_dmc.nre ph\_seq.nre ph1\_DNA\_F.nre
